fix: update retained tiles bug 5616 (#5630)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

### 🐞 Bug fixes

- The state of `glPixelStore` is now properly cleaned after texture updates to avoid `glTexSubImage2D` calls made on the same gl context acting differently at random ([#5730](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/5730))

> - Fix [#5616](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/issues/5616) `_updateRetainedTiles` checking for children when children len is 1 overscaled tile "child"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `_updateRetainedTiles` checking for children when children length is 1 overscaled tile "child" ([#5360](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/5630))
```
